Add system support for Text (#341)
Gympass/yoga: packages/doc/content/components/components/text/default-web.mdx

### Props

> The Text component also has support for system props as you can see more details <GatsbyLink to="/system/getting-started">our system</GatsbyLink>
> 

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
Text component also has support for system props as you can see <GatsbyLink to="/system/getting-started">here</GatsbyLink>

```

Author: Updated 👍
